docs/agent-customization/search.md, before:

In Forest Admin, pages which show lists of records have a free-text search widget on top of them.

![Search bar on main list-view](../assets/search-bar.png)

## Search modes

Two search modes are supported: normal and extended.

- All searchs start by being a "normal search".
- If the result the user is looking for is not found, it is possible to trigger an extended search from the user interface.

![Extended search call to action](../assets/search-bar-extended.png)

When not defined otherwise by the [datasource](../datasources/README.md), the search behavior is to attempt to search within columns of the collection (in normal mode), or columns of the collection of direct relations (in extended mode).

## Default behavior

By default, Forest Admin won't search only on some columns, depending on their respective types.

| Column Type | Default search behavior                                                                  |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Enum        | Column is equal to the search string (if the search string contains a value of the enum) |
| Number      | Column is equal to the search string (if the search string is numeric)                   |
| String      | Column contains the search string (case-insensitive)                                     |
| Uuid        | Column is equal to the search string (if the search string contains an uuid)             |
| Other types | Column is ignored by the default search handler                                          |

## Customization

You may want to change how the search bar behaves in your admin-panel.

For instance:

- Search only on the columns which are relevant to your use-case.
- Use a full-text indexes of your data (i.e Postgres `tsquery` and `tsvector`, Algolia, Elastic search, ...)

### Changing searched columns

```javascript
const productReferenceRegexp = /^[a-f]{16}$/i;
const barCodeRegexp = /^[0-9]{10}$/i;

agent.customizeCollection('products', collection =>
  collection.replaceSearch(async (searchString, extendedMode, context) => {
    // User is searching using a product reference.
    if (productReferenceRegexp.test(searchString))
      return { field: 'reference', operator: 'Equal', value: searchString };

    // User is search a bar-code
    if (barCode.test(searchString))
      return { field: 'barCode', operator: 'Equal', value: Number(searchString) };

    // User is searching something else, in "normal mode", let's only search in the product name
    if (!extendedMode) return { field: 'name', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString };

    // In extended mode, we search on name, description and brand name
    return {
      aggregator: 'Or',
      conditions: [
        { field: 'name', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString },
        { field: 'description', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString },
        { field: 'brand:name', operator: 'Equal', value: searchString },
      ],
    };
  }),
);
```

### Calling an external API to implement search

If you data is indexed using a SaaS, external store or full-text index, you can call it in the search handler.

```javascript
const algoliasearch = require('algoliasearch');
const client = algoliasearch('undefined', 'undefined');
const index = client.initIndex('indexName');

agent.customizeCollection('products', collection =>
  collection.replaceSearch(async (searchString, extendedMode, context) => {
    const { hits } = index.search(searchString, {
      attributesToRetrieve: ['id'],
      hitsPerPage: 50,
    });

    return { field: 'id', operator: 'In', value: hits.map(h => h.id) };
  }),
);
```

Commit message:

feat(search): add support for case sensitive/insensitive search

docs/agent-customization/search.md, after:

In Forest Admin, pages which show lists of records have a free-text search widget on top of them.

![Search bar on main list-view](../assets/search-bar.png)

## Search modes

Two search modes are supported: normal and extended.

- All searchs start by being a "normal search".
- If the result the user is looking for is not found, it is possible to trigger an extended search from the user interface.

![Extended search call to action](../assets/search-bar-extended.png)

When not defined otherwise by the [datasource](../datasources/README.md), the search behavior is to attempt to search within columns of the collection (in normal mode), or columns of the collection of direct relations (in extended mode).

## Default behavior

By default, Forest Admin will search only on some columns, depending on their respective types.

| Column Type | Default search behavior                                                |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Enum        | Column is equal to the search string (case-insensitive)                |
| Number      | Column is equal to the search string (if the search string is numeric) |
| String      | Column contains the search string (case-sensitive)                     |
| Uuid        | Column is equal to the search string (case-sensitive)                  |
| Other types | Column is ignored by the default search handler                        |

## Customization

You may want to change how the search bar behaves in your admin-panel.

For instance:

- Search only on the columns which are relevant to your use-case.
- Use a full-text indexes of your data (i.e Postgres `tsquery` and `tsvector`, Algolia, Elastic search, ...)

In order to customize the search bar, you must define a handler which returns a [`ConditionTree`](../under-the-hood/queries/filters.md#condition-trees).

### Making the search case-insensitive

In this example, we use the `searchExtended` condition to toggle between case-sensitive and insensitive search.

```javascript
agent.customizeCollection('people', collection =>
  collection.replaceSearch((searchString, extendedMode) => {
    const operator = extendedModel ? 'Contains' : 'IContains';

    return {
      aggregator: 'Or',
      conditions: [
        { field: 'firstName', operator, value: searchString },
        { field: 'lastName', operator, value: searchString },
      ],
    };
  }),
);
```

### Changing searched columns

```javascript
const productReferenceRegexp = /^[a-f]{16}$/i;
const barCodeRegexp = /^[0-9]{10}$/i;

agent.customizeCollection('products', collection =>
  collection.replaceSearch(async (searchString, extendedMode, context) => {
    // User is searching using a product reference.
    if (productReferenceRegexp.test(searchString))
      return { field: 'reference', operator: 'Equal', value: searchString };

    // User is search a bar-code
    if (barCode.test(searchString))
      return { field: 'barCode', operator: 'Equal', value: Number(searchString) };

    // User is searching something else, in "normal mode", let's only search in the product name
    if (!extendedMode) return { field: 'name', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString };

    // In extended mode, we search on name, description and brand name
    return {
      aggregator: 'Or',
      conditions: [
        { field: 'name', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString },
        { field: 'description', operator: 'Contains', value: searchString },
        { field: 'brand:name', operator: 'Equal', value: searchString },
      ],
    };
  }),
);
```

### Calling an external API to implement search

If you data is indexed using a SaaS, external store or full-text index, you can call it in the search handler.

```javascript
const algoliasearch = require('algoliasearch');
const client = algoliasearch('undefined', 'undefined');
const index = client.initIndex('indexName');

agent.customizeCollection('products', collection =>
  collection.replaceSearch(async (searchString, extendedMode, context) => {
    const { hits } = index.search(searchString, {
      attributesToRetrieve: ['id'],
      hitsPerPage: 50,
    });

    return { field: 'id', operator: 'In', value: hits.map(h => h.id) };
  }),
);
```
